Richelle Direny: Can you hear me, Sandra.
Sandee A: I miss, Rochelle.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Sandee A: Yes, I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Sorry. Hello.
Sandee A: Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I forgot to put this in my ear.
Richelle Direny: How are you
Sandee A: Oh, I'm okay. I'm getting over a kidney infection.
Richelle Direny: Oh, sorry to hear it. So that explains why I'm extremely sweet.
Sandee A: Yeah, I called the doctor's office on Thursday morning and he called me in me and I bought it, so I didn't have to go to the doctor. But as soon as I got home, I took one and I laid down. I didn't feel good and I fell asleep and woke up at five minutes till seven
Sandee A: Yeah. As soon as I woke up, I called and let them know I'm, you know, I wasn't feeling well and I'm still taking antibiotics, but hopefully it'll clear up
Richelle Direny: Hopefully for better soon.
Sandee A: And lucky for me. I did not need the prescription last week she called me in one week with a refill.
Richelle Direny: So let's go
Let's go.
Sandee A: When I checked in today. I was not aware that I still have to get testing done
Sandee A: Excuse me, I'm at Quest
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Sandee A: I thought it was just the urine drug screen that I was supposed to go and get
Sandee A: When I first started with bright heart.
And
Sandee A: On my way to quest. I was actually stopped by the police and asked what I was doing out and told him I was on my way to quest for some tests and then wanted to see the paperwork and I didn't have any paperwork.
Sandee A: So they had me turn around and come back home.
Sandee A: And they send it to me in the mail and I did the urine.
Sandee A: Drug analysis last on the second of April.
Sandee A: But he told me today that I still haven't completed my test which I wasn't aware what it makes sense. I guess I have to go and have the
Sandee A: testing done for hepatitis. That's what he said. Anyway,
Richelle Direny: Okay, very good. Talk to Natalie about that.
Richelle Direny: So,
Sandee A: I am a very high risk so boy even going to the store and stuff. I mean I got home health aides that come three times a week. So they're pretty much doing all my shopping and everything and
Sandee A: It's been 19 days today since I've been out of my house.
Richelle Direny: Wow.
Richelle Direny: And you got her back around.
Yeah.
Sandee A: Well, I wasn't, I wasn't counting when I went to
Sandee A: Actually go anywhere, came back home.
Sandee A: Now, when I talk. Initially, Rochelle. When I spoke with Natalie and we talked about these weekly group meetings and I've been on the Suboxone for a year and four months.
Richelle Direny: Uh huh.
Sandee A: Um,
Sandee A: I don't, I'm not
Sandee A: I have never had to go to groups because my circumstances are different.
Sandee A: She said, I would probably benefit more from one on one.
Richelle Direny: So why don't you just maybe check into the group because when she she fills your own prescription. What a month at a time or two.
Sandee A: Hours, she sells it build it for two weeks on a second. So this coming Thursday. I'll have to have another refill.
Richelle Direny: So then why don't you come to group every two weeks, then
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so our session today is we'll meet one on one. But we'll talk more about it towards the end about how we're going to schedule our time.
Sandee A: The gentleman that check me and said I was scheduled to do one on one every two weeks.
Richelle Direny: I think he's talking about groups. I'll double check everything
Richelle Direny: That yeah
Sandee A: Actually, that's what Natalie told me that I would benefit from one on one, like every two weeks. For now, I've got a lot of stuff going on. Oh, I'm this fight this coronavirus stuff.
Sandee A: I'm, I'm in the process of trying to move. I mean, I'm surrounded by boxes my apartment is backed up and everything. You can see behind me here.
Sandee A: I'm supposed to be moving to Miami County with my daughter, which is almost 300 miles away and
Richelle Direny: You said Miami County.
Sandee A: Yeah, in Ohio.
Richelle Direny: Oh, there's a place called Miami County.
Sandee A: Oh, it's, it's a, it's actually a county in Dayton, Ohio.
Richelle Direny: You said it's about 300 miles away.
Sandee A: Yeah, it's
Richelle Direny: Windy how biggest Ohio what my gosh 300 miles. That's like trying out of Florida.
Sandee A: Maybe 200 it's like 100 I think it's like 197 miles. I'm
Richelle Direny: Two to three hours.
Sandee A: It's two and a half hour drive
Sandee A: But I'm in October, November and December of last year I went through a couple of pretty serious operations and I had no family around or anything. And that was terrible. And now I need to have my right hip replaced
Sandee A: Direction. I can't walk without my Walker anything. So I'm scheduled now for surgery in June and that's provided everything blows over by them to have my right hip surgery but I don't want to go through another major surgery without family support.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Sandee A: So I've got that coming up as soon as they list this social distancing stay at home, man.
Sandee A: My daughter is prepared to get a U Haul and come up and move me
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good. I mean, it's nice that you have a family support.
Richelle Direny: To I totally agree. If you can, if you can
Richelle Direny: live closer to family or
Sandee A: Live with film I
Sandee A: live here in Richmond County all of my life and Mansell because my mother lived here and she passed away a year ago. So there's really nothing here for me.
Richelle Direny: And you said that you're going to wait till they list the band before you move
Sandee A: Yes, I can't move before them.
Sandee A: You're
Sandee A: Told
Sandee A: Do you know differently because I would really like to get out of here.
Richelle Direny: I thought that was i mean i mean they have. And I don't think that they block you from leaving your house at all. I mean, if you're if you're just if she's just picking you up loading up in a car and bringing you over to her house.
Sandee A: Now we're talking about loading up a you all
Richelle Direny: Either way, either way. I mean, we're just moving from one location to the next, do they stop you from doing that and
Sandee A: I don't know that's we're afraid of
Richelle Direny: You please call and ask
Richelle Direny: For instance, it's like it's like if you're traveling
Richelle Direny: So let's say you're traveling from Ohio to to Florida. I'm like, I even called the airline because I have
Richelle Direny: A family member, I'm doing it for my mom actually. And so all I do is called the airline and asked them, and they said that she could, she could come
Richelle Direny: You know, they just tell you that when you come, you just have to quarantine yourself for the two weeks, basically. She's coming. She just comes, and she stays here. She can't leave for two weeks. That's it.
Richelle Direny: Which is
Richelle Direny: Which is basically what you're doing.
Richelle Direny: With your daughter. You're just leaving from one location, you're leaving from one quarantine location to the next.
Sandee A: Yeah. I understand that. But actually we had the U Haul and everything was reserved on the last week of March, and I was supposed to be moving that weekend and they
Sandee A: Mandated the stay at home stuff so
Richelle Direny: They made it all day. They ended it all day, or like at a certain time.
Sandee A: They mandated it into effect, I believe it was March 31 or march 30 the stay at home, they became effective and if you didn't have to go out. You are told, stay at home.
Sandee A: And my daughter call them and ask them, you know, we've got the U Haul remedy. My mom's all packed up ready to move. What do we do, and he said, well, if you go out. Now there's a possibility that you could be stopped. And you could make give you charges.
Sandee A: That will be on your record for the rest of your life. And she said, what kind of charges and he said they're actually federal charges and you don't want those on your record.
Richelle Direny: Really there is really
Sandee A: Nothing older
Sandee A: The Miami County Police Department that she called
Sandee A: SO SHE CANCELED do all and everything.
Richelle Direny: So hold on. So just because you go outside.
Richelle Direny: They're going to put federal charges.
Sandee A: Not because I was going outside because
Richelle Direny: What
Richelle Direny: You're moving frame, you're moving
Sandee A: Obeying the stay at home.
I mean, I
Sandee A: Know,
Richelle Direny: That is, no. I know, I know, but then to say that I mean every state is different.
Richelle Direny: That's best just a bit of
Sandee A: A bit. What state are you in
Richelle Direny: In Florida, they just tell you, like they just, they just order to
Earn
Sandee A: Mm hmm. Oh my.
Richelle Direny: They just told us that we can't, um, they just told us that, so like as of last midnight last night, like if I was supposed to leave my house to go to the grocery store anything like that, that I would have to
Richelle Direny: I would have to pick up the, what you call it, I would have to wear a mask, like that's like if you have to leave your house to go to a central place. I would just have to wear a mask that's all
Sandee A: They're telling us here in Ohio is that the mask is not going to protect us.
Sandee A: From getting it, then the only thing the mass does is protect people who have it or who are
Sandee A: Just carriers of it without symptoms because you could have it for two weeks without knowing it.
Sandee A: keeps people from spreading it
Sandee A: So, and we don't have any masks and I'll you can't find a mask here.
Sandee A: So they're encouraging us to make our own or I mean I can't imagine going into a grocery store where I'm bandana around my face. You know, it would be
Sandee A: Kind of crazy, but I haven't been out. I'm afraid to go out my immune system is I'm very high risk for infections and I just had a double bypass in December.
Richelle Direny: And, um, yeah. So, I mean, I use, I guess every state like they even say they just respect you just if you're someone that's coming into the state.
Richelle Direny: They just asked you that we respect the laws so like if you come here. You're quarantine. You're saying in for two weeks and then you would um
Richelle Direny: You know, you, you wouldn't leave unless you absolutely have to which you're literally staying home all day anyway. You're not really leaving to go anywhere.
Sandee A: Well, I mean, you know, here they shut down the walls and everything were
Sandee A: Night lot good church and worship.
Richelle Direny: Yeah they do it here, too. So everybody's kind of like on there. They're kind of like this, they're going to church like this.
Richelle Direny: So, I mean, every state, but then to say, but I haven't heard about going to get a charge that whenever I think
Sandee A: That part here, and am I my camera man so they're arresting people there.
Sandee A: They're charging them with violating the mandatory stay at home, just for taking a walk. You're not supposed to be out in it.
Richelle Direny: Really well. Yeah, that's that that they're there. I think that that's did. They're just doing a bit much, because
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's here like
Sandee A: Marshall.
Sandee A: The man well
Richelle Direny: Yeah, to hear they as matter of fact, they do encourage you, you could go on like you and your community and you can walk like over the weekend I was out in my community was taking my kids for a bike ride. I mean you didn't
Sandee A: wear a mask.
Richelle Direny: I didn't, I didn't ensnare nobody actually that was out riding their bicycles are walking pushing their kids in their stroller just taking a
Richelle Direny: Browse in the community. Nobody had on the mat, not in the community. I didn't see anybody. Maybe I felt like one person.
Richelle Direny: With a mask but nobody else had on the community and they were in the community. Now I'm sure if they went to the grocery store. There are places that have been and I've seen people
Richelle Direny: I've seen people with their mask and things of that nature and
Sandee A: What every day at two o'clock. The governor
Sandee A: And
Sandee A: What's her name Dr at can who is oversee DC here in Ohio, they, they are on TV for an hour and they get updates and they talk about the number in the state of Ohio and the number of deaths and the hot spots in Ohio and
Sandee A: We've been pretty lucky here in Richmond County. We don't have, I think we have three deaths so far, but in the state. I mean, it's ridiculous and they're almost doubling by day. I think we had 700 or some
Sandee A: Last couple days people dying with this virus and it's scary to me because I am so high risk.
Sandee A: I even had one of the AIDS that comes to help me three times a week. I sent her home last week because she had that dry cough.
Sandee A: And then she just said she thought real tired and stuff. Well, she goes to other elderly people and help them before she comes here and I'm afraid she's going to give it to me.
Richelle Direny: The question is, is she is. She does she have anything but it be, you know, call from something else, because I think now, everybody is just so
Richelle Direny: Focused on the virus that if they are not even
Richelle Direny: Taking into consideration. There's so many other illness that's out there that it could be something else, like, you know, it just could be I think everybody just feels like
Richelle Direny: Like you said, If you cough. They're like, oh, you have the corona. If you have a temperature. Oh, you have like there's so many. There's with the regular flu. Nobody's talking about the regular flu.
Richelle Direny: And it could be just a regular flu, you know, you're talking about. We're in spring. The pollens and everything is out.
Richelle Direny: There is that I mean I know for me, if you know if it's the the pollen has high outside the i'm sure anybody would think I have the corona simply because of the pollens are high. So what happens to me. I'm sneezing. My nose is itching, all of these different things so
Richelle Direny: You know, just like you said that you
Richelle Direny: Your because of your age, and maybe your immune system. Yes. You would think that if you were supposed to contract the coronavirus. It could be, but then solace. So the flu virus could do the same thing to you because when it's all said and done,
Richelle Direny: I know any illness could do that to you.
Sandee A: Two years ago I got pneumonia and yeah I wasn't an obstacle for six weeks and I was down for a total of three months. It took me to get over it.
Sandee A: So I was warned back then that I'm really susceptible now because once you get pneumonia, your apt to get it again. So, even before the coronavirus hit. I tried the process.
Sandee A: And I let the agency that provides health care for me know that I don't want to work her coming to my house who doesn't feel well under any circumstances. And that was
Richelle Direny: Done. Yeah, exactly. And so then you have to treat you have to just continue treating it the same way, because the because you have to think that through
Richelle Direny: You know, because of your underlining medical issues or conditions that you know anything can be detrimental for you so you have to according to what medical, you know, the medical
Richelle Direny: Providers are telling you, so you would have to just look at it that if anybody is sick. You don't want them coming to their house, or if you really shouldn't need to help them. You tell them put on gloves put on
Richelle Direny: You tell them put on gloves for our masks. They have a little booties that they can put on on their feet. Tell them to put on little booties.
Richelle Direny: Tell them to if you feel, you know, you will be safer. Get them have them were a little town that they take off and you wash it or what have you.
Richelle Direny: I mean, there's so many different ways. So you'll still treat it the same exact way because the reality. I think the reason why there's so much alarm to this whole thing is that they really don't know.
Richelle Direny: Here it is this like a new strain of the flu that and and and keep in mind that the corona has been around for a long time for years.
Sandee A: Right.
Richelle Direny: So it's not like so, you know, for a lot of us, we probably don't remember it. But then, because then I think people started becoming more aware when they started reading the Lysol and and they see
Richelle Direny: Like how is it the corona just came out last month. It's already on Lysol can means that it's already been around. It's just maybe this is a new strain of it.
Richelle Direny: And with this strain and people are, you know, they don't really know how to control it. So, you know, of course, you have to listen to the law of the land and what they say. But, uh, you know, the when it's all said and done, I know for me I look at things like
Richelle Direny: Okay, I understand, but I know for me.
Richelle Direny: If I can get something from a doctor saying that hey listen. My mother has, you know, slew of medical issues. It's not really that safe for her to live will continue to live alone.
Richelle Direny: We're in the process of moving her in with us. Can we get some kind of documentation, then you can show it.
Richelle Direny: And then because i mean i mean if a person. If a person is homeless and hungry and sick and out there. Are you going to say, Oh, I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: You know, you may have to Corona, you're going to have to stay out there for another month or two, or however long they want you to stay out. I mean, however long you're going to have these things upheld, are you going to do that. I mean, that's just my spiel on the whole thing. I mean,
Sandee A: You well as of right now, we're planning on the made the first which you never know. Yeah. And I feel like this. That's the, that's the other crazy part. I was talking to someone this morning in
Richelle Direny: You, they tell you may 1 and then they'll turn around and tell you. Oh, because remember, just a month ago we were looking at me 50 or April 15 and today. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Got it, got pushed to me first. OK. So now, everybody is saying, Okay, I could hold out to me first. Then what you know week or two, they're going to say, Oh, we're gonna have to push it to the end of me. Well, how long do you think people couldn't
Sandee A: I, I agree with what you're saying.
Richelle Direny: That how long, like I have to take. Listen, I'm gonna just take my chances, just like I would with the flu virus and everything else, um, you know, my spiel. Is this and because
Richelle Direny: our session today is to do the your, your bio psychosocial but you know you have to again at the end of the day, you have to make sense out of nonsense. I'm with the flu virus. If I am your caretaker. And if you You're ill, and I come, I have a cough.
Richelle Direny: Out of common courtesy. I think I owe it to you to tell you, Hey, Sandy. I'm not able to come by today because I'm not really feeling that well.
Sandee A: Well, and with that being said, Rochelle. I understand. I agree, and I respect.
Sandee A: That but these workers that are doing this service for us, um, at the end of the day it's a paycheck.
Richelle Direny: You know, and that's it. It comes down to money you're 1,000% and see, that's the thing. And that's what everything comes down to, it's all about money.
Richelle Direny: Because people are just saying, Oh, well, you know, the corona this and Coronas that and you can't you are. You can't come to my house. But then, my thing is, but you just went to work today.
Richelle Direny: You just went to work in a nursing home. So tell me, why is it that well because I need my money. Well, well, if you're dying. Go ahead of money, how are you
Richelle Direny: Are you going to be
Richelle Direny: So if you're so fearful. You think you're going to die. Don't you think if you die in the process. What good is that money going to do for you. So you're absolutely right. It comes down to a money thing and so
Richelle Direny: You just really have to you know it and I, you know, I've had a few people that are know that are medical
Richelle Direny: They work in the medical field and, you know, a lot of them.
Richelle Direny: You know, it comes, it really just comes down to, when it's all said and done, money because there are people who you'll be surprised. There are people who are sick, who have some symptoms, but because they're not severe symptoms.
Richelle Direny: Enough for them to
Richelle Direny: Yeah, they're still going to work, and how are they old just put on a glove, just put on just just strap up yourself because
Richelle Direny: You know what Sandy's in the hospital and we need we need people to be here to help all these people in the hospital.
Richelle Direny: So guess what you're not showing your fever is not 100 into your favorites, or 99 you're fine, just take some Tylenol and come to work and that's I've been hearing a lot of that.
Sandee A: Yes. And it's absolute truth and more medical officials are becoming ill mount to and feeling the coronavirus
Sandee A: Consequences, but
Richelle Direny: But like, even with the flu. But like even the full. What do you know in all your years even with the flu. When you get sick. What is the one thing they always tell you when you first get the flu.
Sandee A: Stay home.
Richelle Direny: And get rest if you don't get rest the flu will never leave you. Because you need to rest.
Richelle Direny: You need to sleep. Drink lots of fluid this body telling you, since you don't want to slow down. I'm amicus slow now.
Richelle Direny: And so if I'm halfway sick and I send you out to work and I you keep over exerting yourself. You're just making the your exacerbating the situation. So, and that's just feel so
Richelle Direny: But if you're gonna
Richelle Direny: Go ahead.
Sandee A: What did you say our session was supposed to be today.
Richelle Direny: So, today it's it's it's what is called bio psychosocial where I just do an intake on
Richelle Direny: gathering data information because this is your first time with bright heart completely right.
Richelle Direny: Yes. What's your last name, same
Sandee A: As Bell a Z as in zebra.
Is and boy.
Richelle Direny: So basically it's just it's asking questions on the LEAD LAP found like in the last few shows I've done they haven't. They're not really that long, because the history is not that much but
Richelle Direny: So it's just me just asking just a series of questions basically about your history, and I know you said that for you in group you had shared that
Richelle Direny: You don't have an extensive background or history of substance abuse your thing was more pills.
Richelle Direny: I
Sandee A: Correct. Um, I was gonna say I i've been using our I've been prescribed some died of prescription pain medications, since I was 12 years old and I started my first period.
Sandee A: Mean I started on darvocet
Sandee A: Which they don't even manufacturer anymore and I graduated the title and always coding and then get the age of 15 I was taking oxycodone on a monthly basis for cramps.
Richelle Direny: And
Sandee A: I've never used marijuana
Sandee A: Or that fits in all our
Richelle Direny: Ways.
Richelle Direny: Like a lot of those like those different. Okay. So let me ask you this, how to do
Richelle Direny: Who told you, how did you hear about Braveheart
Sandee A: I'm a friend that is when all this karama stuff started, I was actually going through an agency called Healing hearts.
Sandee A: Field and I will go there once a month, and I'd meet with a counselor and I would see the doctor and I would do the urine drug screen and then I would get my monthly prescription and go home and that was on a monthly basis. Well, when this Corona stuff started
Sandee A: Using that agency was looking into
Sandee A: Excuse been going with the video.
Sandee A: And I believe now they are doing the videos, but that was also at the time when I was thought I was going to be moving to another cat and other towns you on some miles away.
Sandee A: So a friend of mine said, well, hey, I heard of this place called bright heart and they do video online and I just decided to give it a shot and I still had one more appointment with Dr. Danny I chew at healing arts that I canceled because bright heart got me in right away.
Sandee A: And I actually had my first session with
Sandee A: My first session was
Sandee A: With the doctor on
Sandee A: THE 27th.
Sandee A: And that was my last the last day was supposed to go to bright heart. So it was just by chance that we found right hard because they were helping me a healing hearts, trying to find something in southern Ohio.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Sandee A: I'm grateful that I found this because I can take you guys with me.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes, you do demos definitely continue with you. Um, now you did so with that you kind of sharing, just a little bit ago
Richelle Direny: That you started on pain medication. So all your pain medication was free your menstrual period you were having pain, you were
Sandee A: Out what I had my first menstrual period. Um, I was 12 years old and I missed every month by if I started on a Monday I missed five days of school.
Sandee A: Yes, and there was really not a whole lot they could tell my mother anything at the time as I got older, you know, they told me that it was different.
Sandee A: Biological at my uterus was tilted and it just caused a lot of cramping and I'm talking serious menstrual cramps and such. And they told me when I had children.
Sandee A: That it would ease up while that was alive, but I had five miscarriages. One of them was a topic, and I'd about killed me because I was being treated for appendicitis. When I was 20 and it wasn't a topic pregnancy that I had to have an emergency surgery for
Richelle Direny: So I just
Sandee A: Best Lee did have two children, but it did not take away the cramping.
Sandee A: Though i don't know i i ended up having to have a hysterectomy and everything taken out when I was 30
Richelle Direny: So you only have one child.
Richelle Direny: I have to
Sandee A: I have a daughter.
Richelle Direny: And a daughter. Okay, so, um, but so in terms of your history. It's you've always just been prescribed pain medication associated with your menstrual period.
Sandee A: Well, yeah, that up until like I started when I got married, I was working and everything and it just
Sandee A: I don't think I can act. I can't recall the time that I didn't have something in the medicine cabinet to take if I needed it.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Sandee A: And I mean, it was more over the years and I think back on. It was more if I needed it. I had it to take, but in 1989 I had a serious injury at work. And I fractured my back.
Sandee A: Into places and I was bedridden for six months and that probably looking back on it was when I became really dependent dependent
Sandee A: On medication. Yeah, um,
Sandee A: And then
Sandee A: That was like between the years of age 30 to 45 and then
Sandee A: I came down with crowding pancreatitis. And that was in 2019 99 2000 between 2001 2004 and I finally had my gallbladder taken out and they sent me to a group of gastroenterologist here in Columbus in
Sandee A: And they diagnosed me with
Sandee A: Cysts on my pancreas. We all know you cannot live without your pancreas. But in doing numerous tests they come to the conclusion, my pancreas is eating. It's consuming itself.
Sandee A: So I'm on different medications to digest food.
Sandee A: In 2011
Sandee A: They were going to go in and remove and drain the cysts on my pancreas and they were prepping me for surgery and they put in a pic line.
Sandee A: And I dealt with a very bad blood clot from the pick one, so everything was just thrown into turmoil and I canceled they canceled my surgery. I couldn't go to surgery.
Sandee A: That was in 2011 and 2012 they sent me to a nursing home then
Sandee A: I weighed 87 pounds and when they sent me into the nursing home, Rochelle What they prescribed to me was
Sandee A: 30 milligram oxy cotton or oxycodone eight times a day and 60 milligram oxy cotton three times a day. And I honestly now thinking back on it, I think they sent me there thinking, I would die.
Sandee A: Because that's enough medications put down an elven two horses. Um, but from 2011 up until 2019 or eight 2018 know
Sandee A: December I was prescribed all those medicines every month for nine years.
Richelle Direny: And you were on a while.
Richelle Direny: I
Richelle Direny: Know, you've had a lot of medical issues.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes.
Sandee A: And I got more now. I mean, I just had to have bypasses BECAUSE I CAN'T WALK, MY, I'VE GOT peripheral artery disease. I've got pancreatitis. And when my pancreas letters up I'm bedridden.
Sandee A: But when they came out with this opiate crisis and epidemic stuff. I started doing more research. I mean, you have to remember, I was prescribed this medication because they told me it would work. And they kept me from pain. I didn't know what pain was, I guess.
Sandee A: Until I started trying to take myself off of all that medication. They wouldn't help me.
Sandee A: They were more than happy to write prescriptions to me and see in a couple months. But when I asked them to lead me down off of these medications, Rochelle They told me it was too risky that probably killed me.
Sandee A: So that's when an a, you know, this was that was probably the first time I turned to the street for drugs and I tried to get ahold of Suboxone on the street.
Richelle Direny: When you, when you started the Suboxone
Sandee A: It was a year and four months ago.
Sandee A: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: December.
Richelle Direny: You started doing from the streets or use
Sandee A: I yes I started it, I found somebody that would sell me the Suboxone and it was it allowed me to get off of the oxy cotton and the oxy kill them.
Sandee A: And I found a doctor in Columbus, who I I seen him once a month, and he took my $250 cash money and he wrote me a prescription for Suboxone and I felt better because I was getting it, you know, through a doctor but
Sandee A: Honestly, I was very amazed at how much it helped with the
Sandee A: Getting me off of the oxy cotton oxycodone
Sandee A: And it has literally probably saved my life.
Richelle Direny: So I'm
Richelle Direny: Sober. Wow.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of after you were produced from the Suboxone you were premium prescribed it so for a year and a half now. You've been on it as prescribed and know abusing okay okay you've had a lot of medical underlining medical issue.
Richelle Direny: And you've never not. Have you ever done alcohol been liking.
Sandee A: I never been an alcoholic or or no I worked in a bar, but I couldn't drink. I don't know. I guess I saw what it did to people. And not only that, my father was an alcoholic and he was abusive. So from an early, early age. I kind of despised alcohol and what it did to people.
Richelle Direny: And
Sandee A: As a teenager, I actually went to Alan team meetings with my mother because she was in Allen on as an alcoholics wife.
Sandee A: So I
Sandee A: Yeah.
Sandee A: My mom and I went with it was called ality
Richelle Direny: And so it moves me. Okay, so it's going to move into the next question have. Do you have a history of mental illness where you ever
Richelle Direny: Just prescribe diagnosed with depression or anxiety or any kind of man.
Sandee A: Yes there early on and child I, um, because my father was an alcoholic had a
Sandee A: Breakdown with some store.
Sandee A: Watching him abuse our mother and I was put on
Sandee A: tranquilizer Titan medication. When I was a teenager called transiting
Sandee A: And I learned that it is a benzodiazepine
Sandee A: Um, and I was on that for over 25 years
Richelle Direny: What it
Sandee A: Was called training Xen
Sandee A: Okay, yeah, um, as far as an illness goes, Yes, I've been diagnosed as a with having depression I had suicide attempts, and
Sandee A: I've attempted suicide in my life just
Sandee A: feeling desperate, I guess, and
Richelle Direny: When you were younger, when you were a teenager.
Sandee A: Um, no. I was. It was in my early 20s.
Richelle Direny: When was your last time that you've ever attempted suicide.
Sandee A: Um, it was actually in 2006
Richelle Direny: Is your last attempt. Yeah. Okay. And you're just you're no longer having any kind of thoughts.
Sandee A: No, I'm I see a psychiatrist here and I'm also on an anti depressant medication, which I believe helps a lot.
Richelle Direny: So what is the diagnosis that they gave you just depression.
Sandee A: Yeah, depression with anxiety and I also have a little bit of this. I have some PTSD.
Sandee A: Mm hmm. Because of abuse suffered as a teenager and young adult
Richelle Direny: So you so you have been physically abused right you
Sandee A: Know I was
Sandee A: physically abused. I was molested as a child by an old and I was abused as a young adult by my spouse.
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: With
Richelle Direny: So in terms of the mental illness. You're seeing a soccer. How often do you see it's like artist when someone
Sandee A: No, I see your once every three months.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, okay. Now, you said that you had
Richelle Direny: In terms of family history. Your dad was an alcoholic. What about your mom.
Richelle Direny: Now, okay, what about your paternal both maternal and paternal grandparents.
Sandee A: I have a problem with that. But my father's side of the family were alcohol.
Sandee A: And drug addicted people my mother's side of the family, you know, strict very strict Catholic
Sandee A: Very
Sandee A: Very strict upbringing.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now
Richelle Direny: With your you have siblings.
Sandee A: I have one brother. Yes.
Richelle Direny: It does he have a history.
Sandee A: No, no.
Richelle Direny: And and with your mom. There's those there. There is no diamonds are a family history of mental illness.
Sandee A: No, um, I had two uncles on my mom's side her brothers that have committed suicide.
Sandee A: A couple of other ones. I know they have mental problems today, you know, and they're a lot older than I am, but
Sandee A: My mom doesn't have anything like that.
Sandee A: My mom was the
Oldest of 14
Richelle Direny: And you said your mom side was the strict Catholic
Richelle Direny: upbringing. Yes.
Sandee A: Yes, I went to school.
Richelle Direny: Okay. But your mom just had use you and your brother. Yes.
Richelle Direny: She did follow the family trend that's a lot of children.
Richelle Direny: You have a lot of aunts and uncles.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: And now you have two children. Do they have a history.
Sandee A: My son, I'm right now. I couldn't even tell you where he is because he's often his own little drug world, I guess. Last I heard,
Sandee A: I just I all I can do is pray every day and every night that he's okay. I don't have any contact with him. I don't know how to contact him. I don't know where he is.
Richelle Direny: Do they have children.
Sandee A: Unfortunately, he has six
Richelle Direny: And you don't know any of his children.
Sandee A: No, I go
Sandee A: There all by different people.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Your daughter has toner.
Sandee A: She's married has two children, and she's on a very stable relationship very stable home.
Sandee A: And has been for well she married when she got out of high school and
Sandee A: Moved away. So, this probably was a smartest one
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And with your
Richelle Direny: Your children was especially with your son. I know you said you know contact with him, but they didn't have any diagnosis of mental illness.
Sandee A: My son attempted suicide. A few times. He also has a criminal background, um, their father was a drug abuser, etc.
Richelle Direny: OK.
Sandee A: So,
Richelle Direny: Now, and that in that only applies to your son.
Sandee A: Yep. My daughter has never even smoked a cigarette, much less picked up any drugs.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: What about what about your grandchildren. How old are your grandchildren.
Sandee A: My oldest grandchild is 17 and she lives down in southern Ohio where my daughter is, um, and then they range from 17 to the age of six.
Richelle Direny: And that's what you know that's just for your daughter. That's what you know about your son.
Sandee A: That's all of my grandchildren.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Sandee A: My son has five daughters and one son, his son is six years old now. I don't have any in contact with them because all six of them have different mothers.
Sandee A: So I can't keep up, honestly.
Sandee A: I have three grandchildren. My daughter has two children. I have three that live in Southern Ohio and hoping with this move when I do finally get down there that I still have the opportunity to get to know those three
Richelle Direny: And that's and that's your daughter's children.
Sandee A: She has to, but my son has a daughter also down there and she's
Richelle Direny: So, so you're saying that your son's children. They are your some of your son's children that's close to your daughter.
Richelle Direny: One and you tell your daughter knows her
Sandee A: Yes, my daughter has gets her and tomorrow effect. She's got her. This week I'm spending time with her.
Sandee A: But
Sandee A: She's 17 years old and I never
Sandee A: Been around or much or anything like that. I mean, Christmas is in the holidays. I missed all those things with her and she's due to graduate from high school this year.
Richelle Direny: But does she see her dad does she know anything
Sandee A: No, none of my son's children have anything to do with him right now.
Richelle Direny: And for you said that he's the only one with suicide attempts. Now,
Richelle Direny: And you don't have any history of
Richelle Direny: Legal or illegal things anymore. Otherwise,
Sandee A: I the I have to be honest that you know over my life I have done different drugs, but it was more recreational
Sandee A: Um, I've experimented with LSD. Um, I've used cocaine.
Sandee A: But I it was experimental and it was, it wasn't something I had to have I could take earlier. I've never been a cannabis or marijuana
Sandee A: I just don't like it. I never liked the don't like the smell of it.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: All my questions as
Richelle Direny: But your, your drug of choice is just over the years has more been related to
Sandee A: Opiates
Richelle Direny: What would you like. So the in your time. I'm like, even with you saying that it was recommended. I mean, yeah, you could do the twice a month on groups, but
Richelle Direny: What is it that you would you would hope to work on. Or you would like to get out of your time, like in counseling.
Sandee A: I personally just want to continue to
Sandee A: Be stable, but I also understand now that I'm old.
Sandee A: In order to be stable. There are some pieces of me that I have to fix.
Sandee A: my right hip is so bad right now. I cannot walk without a walker.
Sandee A: And I can only fix me one part at a time.
Sandee A: I'm
Richelle Direny: Just being able to talk through as you go through the different stages and changes.
Richelle Direny: Seasons. I was
Told
Sandee A: By one clinic. The doctor was saying in Columbus, that as far as Suboxone it helped me with pain.
And
Sandee A: If I could take if I was one of them. Balancing scales the legal system. Um, if I had the opiates. I was prescribed here in the sandbox. And here what would my drug of choice be today, it would be Suboxone
Sandee A: And the reason for that is when I was active in the opiate addiction.
Sandee A: I didn't want to leave home because I wasn't sure if I would make it back in that three hours to take that next pill.
Sandee A: I did it. My carrying drugs on me.
Sandee A: And the prescription bottles, because people just, you know, this new bottle of pills in your purse with the grocery store and walk by and pick them out.
Richelle Direny: And
Sandee A: I've never had it happen, but I've heard about it.
Sandee A: And I know that the drugs that I was taking and getting from the doctors are or in you know i'm gonna i'm not going to
Sandee A: fool anybody I had many people come to me with their hand out, you know, can I have one or your cell me one. Those are things that I thought of every day while I was taking them towards the end of people out there would do anything to get their hands on.
Sandee A: And when it comes down to it, people wanted what I had. And I had to get those people out of my life.
Sandee A: So I'm
Sandee A: The Suboxone it just it to me. It's been a blessing and godsend because I take my strip in the morning and I'm free to go about my day and do whatever I need to do. And I don't have to worry about getting back home to take that next dose.
Richelle Direny: Because I promise you it's been helping
Sandee A: I just enough I
Sandee A: In December, I went through two major surgeries. I had first I had the angioplasty with stents for my legs that went way south and the perforated artery and I bled out was in the hospital for a few days. But so boxing is what got me through it.
Sandee A: Right after the surgery. I think they gave me two doses of a stronger medication, but it was in a clinical setting. And after those first two doses. I didn't want anything else.
Sandee A: And then in December, when I had to have that double bypass.
Sandee A: I had to take my own box and with me to the hospital.
Sandee A: Gives it
Sandee A: To the nurse and they would give me my own Suboxone every 12 hours.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Sandee A: So I got through that surgery without any help from you know any other medication.
Richelle Direny: And because of the how Moscow Suboxone has helped through a lot of your pain.
Sandee A: Yes. And it helps me today and
Sandee A: I was told that coming off Suboxone can be just as hard as coming off of the opiates.
Sandee A: And it
Richelle Direny: Takes a while. It takes a while, you would have to
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, speak to the doctor about me off of it. But, you know,
Richelle Direny: You wouldn't really have to have intentional conversation.
Sandee A: Yeah, actually, we're running out of time here, I just want to run something by you real quick. I've been contacted here in the last month by a group of attorneys who want me to become involved with a lawsuit.
Sandee A: Against the pharmaceuticals that manufactured the opiates that I was on because I've taken different medications over the last 10 years like you trans oxy cotton and and then 30 milligram oxycodone
Sandee A: And frankly, you know, I took those medications, because they told me they would help me.
Sandee A: When in fact, the only thing they were really doing was covering up the problem masking the pain and giving me a false sense of security.
Richelle Direny: I mean, don't you think that to some degree.
Sandee A: I good
Sandee A: What I'm I guess my question to you is, um, should I become involved in this lawsuit or
Richelle Direny: What do you think, what do you
Sandee A: I don't know my own
Richelle Direny: What is what is, what is it that when you read it. What, what was the first thing that came to your mind.
Sandee A: Getting my information like putting my personal business on blast.
Richelle Direny: That is that is going to be a possibility because if you're going to get involved in awesome, you're leaving yourself open
Sandee A: Well, that was one year when I was on all those opiates, Rochelle. And I'm not exaggerating. I went to the doctor and they gave me 24 prescription okay 12 prescriptions of the oxy cotton and 12 first corruptions of the oxy Cotto
Sandee A: And sent me away and told me they would see me in a year.
Richelle Direny: So I will like you were taking advantage. Oh.
Sandee A: I feel like I was
Sandee A: just pushed into the system. They no longer cared about the issue.
Sandee A: Of my health.
Sandee A: They had me on all these pain medications and I wasn't crying every month about my pancreas hurting or not being able to eat or anything else. I mean, I was in a whole nother world all around because these doctors
Sandee A: Were addressing the issue. They were simply writing me prescriptions that and sending me away.
Richelle Direny: I mean it sounds. It sounds before you're saying to me it sounds like part of you wants to get involved. But then you're a little bit skeptical as to how much of your personal business, you want to share
Sandee A: Yeah, well,
Sandee A: Part of the the forums that they've sent me through the emails and stuff are asking for Social Security numbers and stuff like that. And I'm just not real comfortable with it.
Richelle Direny: Vendor Yeah, once you start asking me because I mean, the question is how legit. Is this lawsuit or this company who was reaching out to you. What is your daughter say about it.
Sandee A: And she said, I could probably get enough money to send my grant my granddaughter the veterinarian school
Sandee A: I mean, I've never been a person just to anybody, or, you know,
Sandee A: And I really don't know what it would entail.
Richelle Direny: I would, I mean I would talk to your family about it, see what they say. But then, like you said you're opening up yourself.
Sandee A: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So like you said, then going into your, your life when it comes on to pulling your social and you know all of this, you have to be where you have to know that the company was reaching out to you if that is
Richelle Direny: A legitimate you know lawsuit. And it's not like some form of scam because these opiate companies that it's been around for a long time and
Richelle Direny: Are still around some degree and it's still doing what it's doing. I mean, you take medication medication does, to some degree, it helps with the pain but it mass what the root cause of where it's coming from it up to today, it's still does that
Richelle Direny: You can take Tylenol all day. You could have a tumor in your brain.
Richelle Direny: But if you keep taking the Tylenol and pain keeps going away. You will never figure out that you have a tumor, right, because you just
Richelle Direny: Like to tell it all. So it's you know it's you know it's up to you. I would talk to you. I would talk to my family. I know a lot of them times when it's like a class action lawsuit.
Richelle Direny: Those things are a lot of people involved, the people who get the most money are the ones that has been impacted by the most. A lot of the times, if you're saying that you could get as much money.
Richelle Direny: To send your granddaughter to veterinarian school. Um, if you're going to get a large patent. She's going to be a long, long time.
Richelle Direny: They're going to keep sending you to the doctor. They're going to be probing you they're going to do all of that. So,
Richelle Direny: All in all, I would say that you get a lawyer of your own house, you would see if it is something legit. If you really want to be a part of it. And if you think it's all worth it. Then, you know, I would say you want, by all means, but at the end of the day it's your decision.
Sandee A: And they I'm just grateful that I'm hearing grateful just
Sandee A: To be kicking
Richelle Direny: There you go, and being able to spend this time. Now, with your daughter and your grandchildren.
Sandee A: And you
Richelle Direny: So yeah, so it's, you know, you have your hand raised in Ohio.
Sandee A: Yes, and and all my life.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's do this. Let's see. Um, when we can reschedule your reschedule but scheduling an appointment. The next opening that I actually do have is going to be on the
Richelle Direny: Is this time. Good for you.
Sandee A: Yeah, it's fine.
Richelle Direny: So then let's do the 28th for
Sandee A: It's a good
Richelle Direny: Day. Yeah.
Sandee A: War. Okay.
Sandee A: And then I will see you on Thursday.
Richelle Direny: Yes, ma'am. You can either come
Richelle Direny: There's two times you can come at 12 noon, or you could come
Sandee A: I would rather come to this six. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Sandee A: And
Sandee A: Now when I come on the 16th.
Sandee A: I think I've got all these numbers and stuff to doing a meetings. Do I just use that same number.
Richelle Direny: Yes, you go into the, the same number. Hold on, I'm you going to the same number that you did to login to the main and then they will let you know to come to me.
Sandee A: Okay, and that's it six
Sandee A: All right. Thank you. Miss Michelle, you have a blessed day
Richelle Direny: YouTube with if Hold on, I can't. So hold on one second. It's a lb. Easy, right.
Richelle Direny: You're laughing last name.
Sandee A: As Bill AZ
Richelle Direny: Is E
Sandee A: Be e LL
Richelle Direny: Okay, gotcha. Okay, all right, I got just go to 24 so and at that point we'll review your treatment plan and kind of what our schedule moving forward. Okay.
Sandee A: Okay. Um, I was seeing a counselor here locally but Daisy they shut down that facility. So I haven't even talked to her and they're trying to with my insurance. I am not allowed to have more than one counselor, is that correct
Richelle Direny: You can, if it's something different. If it's the counselors, for the same thing then know
Richelle Direny: If it's if it's the same type of counseling. The. No, but if it's are you but you're not going for right now because of every are they shut down because of the coronavirus
Sandee A: Yes, and you're basically classified as a drug and alcohol counselor.
Richelle Direny: It's yeah yeah
Sandee A: Okay, gotcha. All right.
Sandee A: I thank
Sandee A: You so much for your day your time today and I will see you on Thursday. Miss
Richelle Direny: All right then. Have a good one. You don't want to have a quick question to ask you that work you were doing, what was it,
Sandee A: called, it's called diamond art.
Richelle Direny: Diamond part
Sandee A: Oh yeah I finished it look
Richelle Direny: That's nice. That's nice. Yes. I was like, somebody was telling me it looks so time consuming. It seems diamond art.
Richelle Direny: And you said that you can get it.
Richelle Direny: You can order it on Amazon, right.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay.
Sandee A: A cheaper place to go to get it though is on wish wish com
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Sandee A: That's a lot cheaper and you just go in and you search for. It's called DIY
Sandee A: Diamond art.
Richelle Direny: DIY five d diamond.
Richelle Direny: DIY right
Sandee A: Yeah, it's do it yourself.
Richelle Direny: Diamond fashion diamond are okay.
Sandee A: Perfect. And then from Kansas when it comes. It's all sticky and then you take these little bitty things and you apply them one at a time.
Richelle Direny: How long did it take you
Sandee A: This one took me a week.
Richelle Direny: Wow. And you could was pretty much free man.
Sandee A: Yeah, that's what I this is the third one. I've done, and I'm going to frame it
Okay.
Sandee A: I love it. It's so relaxing.
Richelle Direny: I'm going to get in and maybe do with with my kids.
Richelle Direny: Busy
Sandee A: Alright.
Richelle Direny: Alright, have a good year.